README.md, before:

# *** PG20 T3 WebAppFrameworks - CaptainSonar Vue ***
---------------------------------------
Jose Ignacio Ferrer Vera
07/06/2021

Vue.js implementation of the popular 8 player tabletop strategy game "Captain Sonar"

[demo] (https://github.com/the-Humble/CaptainSonarVue)


## Synopsis
---------------
This is an incomplete implementation of the popular tabletop game Captain Sonar. In this implementation, we focus on the use of Vue components to create an easy to understand interface for the game. This interface has been updated to include basic functionality for its layout, but agame logic and team separation is still a work in progress


## Contributors (optional)
---------------
Jose Ignacio Ferrer Vera - Programmer and Designer
Scott Henshaw - Created Template
Shawn - Mentor

# Download/Install
---------------------------------------
Install Node.js
Once installed, download project from Github repo [https://github.com/the-Humble/CaptainSonarVue]
Open project and run command node install to install all dependencies
Run vue ui
Serve the webpage

# *** How to use ***
---------------------------------------
TODO: Instructions

## Code Example (optional)
---------------
TODO


## API Reference (optional)
---------------
TODO

## Tests (optional)
---------------
TODO

# *** Caveats *** (optional)
---------------------------------------
Halfway done

_________________________Old ReadMe____________________________________________

# VueAppTemplate

Base template for HTML5/CSS3 app using latest ES2017 JavaScript on Vue.js framework.

This HTML5 App template is ES2015+ compliant, will run in all browsers natively without the need for any "compiler" or 3rd party pre-processing solution (Babel, Node, Broswerify, etc NOT required).

Modern browsers continue to evolve and extend the basic functionality and as of ES2017 full module support, class (style) based inheritance, scoping are all available to make it easy for non JavaScript programmers to get into JavaScript.

This HTML5 App also uses CSS3 Grid Layouts with Flexbox.

- [VueAppTemplate](#vueapptemplate)
    - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
        - [Main Component](#main-component)
    - [Application Structure](#application-structure)
        - [Project Folder](#project-folder)
        - [Vue Components](#vue-components)
        - [HTML and Styling](#html-and-styling)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Built With](#built-with)
    - [Authors](#authors)
    - [License](#license)

## Getting Started
In this application, the use of components is an imitation of Vue's "single page component" or "SPC". I say an imitation because due to the reliance of SPCs to "dependencies"/"modules" (webpack, npm, etc..), I've created a workaround of this app's components. It is represented as javascript class objects which takes in Vue's "Vue.component" in the constructor.

All the components have color coded borders:
* MainRootComponent = Red solid border
* Components = Green solid border
* Sub-Components = Light Green dashed border
### Main Component
MainComponent.js behaves a bit differently for it is a Vue.component but also has a Vue Root, all components declared in this component is declared globally.

## Application Structure
### Project Folder

```
        ├── /dist                    # auto generated don't touch
        |
        ├── /mixins
        |   ├── http.js
        |   ├── sampleDirective.js
        |   └── controller.js
        |
        ├── /src
        |   ├── main.js               # main entry to vue application
        |   ├── /components           # things you resuse everywhere, parameterize with props (new html)
        |   |   └── sampleComponent.vue
        |   ├── /views                # built out of components, collections
        |   |   ├── header.vue        # components declared in index.js
        |   |   ├── navbar.vue
        |   |   └── sidebar.vue
        |   └── /routes               # edges that the user may navigate to
        |       ├── About.vue
        |       └── Home.vue          # application's main vue component
        |
        ├── /server                   #back-end - if applicable
        |   ├── server.js             # main entry to server edges
        |   └── /command
        |   └── ...
        |
        └── /public
            ├── index.html            # html5 app entry
            ├── /assets                # .png or .jpg files
            |   ├── vfs_logo.phg
            |   └── <my_image.png> ... # images naming convention
            |
            └── /css                   # where all styling lives
                ├── style.css
                ├── media.css
                └── ...
```
### HTML and Styling
* All the "wrapper" is in a form of CSS GRID Layout.
* Each CSS GRID "area" has a "container" in a form of "flexbox".
* And each CSS Flexbox "container" contains "flexitems".

Application's HTML5 Structure:
All the "wrapper" is in a form of CSS GRID Layout.
Each grid "area" has a "container" in a form of "flexbox".
And each flexbox "container" contains "flexitems".

All of the traditional, functional traits of JavaScript are mantained but made easier to access as beginners and programmers coming from other languages.

Enjoy this base template.

## Deployment
This application runs on a Apache Web Server.
Simply drop the this project folder to your WebServer folder and access your Server's domain.

## Built With
* **Vue.js 2.0** - The web framework used.
* **Axios.js** - Promise based HTTP client used for AJAX.
* **Php 7** - Back-end server.
* **CSS Grid** - Used for this application's main styling structure.
* **CSS Flexbox** - Used as a sub structure and supports this application's styling.

## Authors
* **Clinton Jay Ramonida** - *Integrated Vue.js 2.0, (Expanded from HTML5AppTemplate).*
* **Scott Henshaw** - *Initial work (HTML5AppTemplate).*

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Commit message:

Created Captain's screen with persistency (Does not interact with logic yet)

README.md, after:

# *** PG20 T3 WebAppFrameworks - CaptainSonar Vue ***
---------------------------------------
Jose Ignacio Ferrer Vera
23/06/2021

Vue.js implementation of the popular 8 player tabletop strategy game "Captain Sonar"

[demo] (https://github.com/the-Humble/CaptainSonarVue)


## Synopsis
---------------
This is an incomplete implementation of the popular tabletop game Captain Sonar. In this implementation, we focus on the use of Vue components to create an easy to understand interface for the game. This interface has been updated to include basic functionality for its layout, but game logic is still a work in progress
Teams can now be created

## Contributors (optional)
---------------
Jose Ignacio Ferrer Vera - Programmer and Designer
Scott Henshaw - Created Template
Shawn - Mentor

# Download/Install
---------------------------------------
Install Node.js
Once installed, download project from Github repo [https://github.com/the-Humble/CaptainSonarVue]
Open project and run command node install to install all dependencies
Run vue ui
Serve the webpage

# *** How to use ***
---------------------------------------
Instructions to play Captain Sonar can be found at: https://www.matagot.com/IMG/pdf/SONAR_RULES_EN_lr.pdf
To use this application, up to 8 devices must be connected to a session
Make sure to create only one user per connected device

The game is played by turns, and teams must make their moves at the same time as the oopponent, but wait until everyone is ready to progress.


# *** Caveats *** (optional)
---------------------------------------
Game logic and networking has to be implemented
All opf the interfaces work, but there is no communication beyond the locval level.

Copyright (C) 2021 Jose Ignacio Ferrer Vera

# Old ReadMe
## VueAppTemplate

Base template for HTML5/CSS3 app using latest ES2017 JavaScript on Vue.js framework.

This HTML5 App template is ES2015+ compliant, will run in all browsers natively without the need for any "compiler" or 3rd party pre-processing solution (Babel, Node, Broswerify, etc NOT required).

Modern browsers continue to evolve and extend the basic functionality and as of ES2017 full module support, class (style) based inheritance, scoping are all available to make it easy for non JavaScript programmers to get into JavaScript.

This HTML5 App also uses CSS3 Grid Layouts with Flexbox.

- [VueAppTemplate](#vueapptemplate)
    - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
        - [Main Component](#main-component)
    - [Application Structure](#application-structure)
        - [Project Folder](#project-folder)
        - [Vue Components](#vue-components)
        - [HTML and Styling](#html-and-styling)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
    - [Built With](#built-with)
    - [Authors](#authors)
    - [License](#license)

## Getting Started
In this application, the use of components is an imitation of Vue's "single page component" or "SPC". I say an imitation because due to the reliance of SPCs to "dependencies"/"modules" (webpack, npm, etc..), I've created a workaround of this app's components. It is represented as javascript class objects which takes in Vue's "Vue.component" in the constructor.

All the components have color coded borders:
* MainRootComponent = Red solid border
* Components = Green solid border
* Sub-Components = Light Green dashed border
### Main Component
MainComponent.js behaves a bit differently for it is a Vue.component but also has a Vue Root, all components declared in this component is declared globally.

## Application Structure
### Project Folder

```
        ├── /dist                    # auto generated don't touch
        |
        ├── /mixins
        |   ├── http.js
        |   ├── sampleDirective.js
        |   └── controller.js
        |
        ├── /src
        |   ├── main.js               # main entry to vue application
        |   ├── /components           # things you resuse everywhere, parameterize with props (new html)
        |   |   └── sampleComponent.vue
        |   ├── /views                # built out of components, collections
        |   |   ├── header.vue        # components declared in index.js
        |   |   ├── navbar.vue
        |   |   └── sidebar.vue
        |   └── /routes               # edges that the user may navigate to
        |       ├── About.vue
        |       └── Home.vue          # application's main vue component
        |
        ├── /server                   #back-end - if applicable
        |   ├── server.js             # main entry to server edges
        |   └── /command
        |   └── ...
        |
        └── /public
            ├── index.html            # html5 app entry
            ├── /assets                # .png or .jpg files
            |   ├── vfs_logo.phg
            |   └── <my_image.png> ... # images naming convention
            |
            └── /css                   # where all styling lives
                ├── style.css
                ├── media.css
                └── ...
```
### HTML and Styling
* All the "wrapper" is in a form of CSS GRID Layout.
* Each CSS GRID "area" has a "container" in a form of "flexbox".
* And each CSS Flexbox "container" contains "flexitems".

Application's HTML5 Structure:
All the "wrapper" is in a form of CSS GRID Layout.
Each grid "area" has a "container" in a form of "flexbox".
And each flexbox "container" contains "flexitems".

All of the traditional, functional traits of JavaScript are mantained but made easier to access as beginners and programmers coming from other languages.

Enjoy this base template.

## Deployment
This application runs on a Apache Web Server.
Simply drop the this project folder to your WebServer folder and access your Server's domain.

## Built With
* **Vue.js 2.0** - The web framework used.
* **Axios.js** - Promise based HTTP client used for AJAX.
* **Php 7** - Back-end server.
* **CSS Grid** - Used for this application's main styling structure.
* **CSS Flexbox** - Used as a sub structure and supports this application's styling.

## Authors
* **Clinton Jay Ramonida** - *Integrated Vue.js 2.0, (Expanded from HTML5AppTemplate).*
* **Scott Henshaw** - *Initial work (HTML5AppTemplate).*

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
